Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, all three model architectures classified the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, each of the three model architectures classified the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes ,the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:vgg
Why?
First, we will use the numbers 1 through 3 in the following explanation. We will consider 1 as the AlexNet model, 2 as ResNet, and 3 as VGG. To determine the best model, we will base our evaluation on two criteria: classification accuracy and execution time.

Regarding the accuracy in classifying the second object, which is a PLC, models 2 (ResNet) and 3 (VGG) were more accurate because they classified this element as a modem. Although this classification is not entirely correct, it is very close to the correct category of the element, unlike the classification made by model 1 (AlexNet).

Regarding the program's execution time, the results are as follows:

Model 3 (VGG): 0:59:54
Model 2 (ResNet): 0:59:58
Model 1 (AlexNet): 0:59:59
From these observations, we conclude that model 3 (VGG) is the best model in terms of both accuracy and execution time.
